# OneStopMovie
## Nowadays, due to COVID-19, more and more people are staying home instead of going out and thus have a lot of free time on their hands. Usually, people would have gone out to watch movies every weekend or so but due to COVID, this is not possible. As such, people are now forced to stay in and watch movies from online streaming services or download them. In today’s time, there is an increasing number of people viewing movies on a web-based platform and the platforms include content from various demographics. Many people spend a lot of time deciding which movie to watch instead of watching them and hence waste a lot of time. Sometimes a person may really like a specific movie and want to watch other movies that are like it. 
The project that we aim to implement is a movie recommendation website that aims to solve this problem. This project aims to make the online content-consuming experience catered towards each user easier by simplifying their movie selection process. Initially the system can take a movie as input from the user for recommending curated content. The personalization of the user experience by this system can help provide a more satisfying feeling for the users by helping them avoid an extensive and exhaustive search through thousands of movies to find something they might like. Furthermore, if this project is successfully implemented, it has scope of being further extended to other forms of media such as music, books etc. 
As we move further into the future, more and more content is being made available on the internet as opposed to being broadcast in theatres, thus the relevancy of this project is only bound to increase with time.
